Docs pm 2.9 dh (#143)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/create-endpoint.adoc

[%header%autowidth.spread]

> |===

Reviewer: Oops...bonus edits....  ;-)

|Endpoint Type | Protocol | Can be owned by
| Source at host | FTP, HTTP(S), SFTP | Host
| Target at host | FTP, HTTP(S), SFTP | Host
| Receive from partners | AS2 |Host

> |  | FTP, HTTP(S), SFTP | Host, partner, 3rd party connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  | FTP, HTTP(S), SFTP | Host, partner, third-party connection
```
GLOBALLY spell ordinal numbers

Author: Leaving as is because of the GUI. I don't want to make users even more confused than they already are with the interface.

| Send to partners| AS2
| Partner, 3rd party connection

> |  | FTP, HTTP(S), SFTP | Host, partner, 3rd party connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  | FTP, HTTP(S), SFTP | Host, partner, third-party connection
```

Reviewer: Please search for and replace GLOBALLY; I'll stop marking.

The number and type of endpoint services deployed to your runtime depends on the transport protocols used to exchange data with your trading partners and backend systems.

> Each unique AS2 and HTTP(S) receive endpoint configurations result in the deployment of their own runtime applications. You can view the Runtime application name corresponding to a given configuration in Partner Manager, from the endpoint detail page.

Reviewer: No, leave this as it was: per style ref., we do not use "(s)".
Also, "each" implies individual, so "configurations result" and "their" is not in agreement.
```suggestion
Each unique AS2 and HTTP or HTTPS receive endpoint configuration results in the deployment of its own runtime applications. You can view the runtime application name corresponding to a given configuration in Partner Manager, from the endpoint detail page.
```
